# Box CEO Aaron Levie: Why Startups Win in the AI Era

## Introduction

- Date: 2025-09-16 - Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqc_vt95GJg

You'll read a lot of press that basically says AI is coming for our jobs is most of the press is not inside of big companies seeing how much time we spend on useless activities that are necessary but not strategic. There's a very very long list of things that software never did before that AI agents are perfectly primed to go do now. And that's basically the opportunity set. Now is the moment. This window will end. In this window, between a year ago and 3 years or so, plus or minus from now, this is when the next hundreds of great companies will get started. So Aaron and I go way back. I don't know if you remember this. I went and searched my old Bump. So Bump was my startup. I searched my old Bump email for Aaronbox.net. Yes. And I found very old emails where we would coordinate in Mountain

View times to meet up with three founders. Yes. You, me, and this guy named Sam Alman. And we would coordinate to try to like do brunch or lunch or whatever. And then I saw emails between us saying, "Oh, Well, Sam's going to probably like not show up again." And so that's No, he would always remember this. You started Box probably before many of the people in the audience were alive. Who's let let me just show of hands. Who's like below 20 years old? Wow. Great. Yes. Then accurate. Very very accurate. Maybe to start. Yes. Like we're going to talk about AI a lot. But to start you went through another major transformation which see I use the word transformation digital transformation. Yes. Around cloud going to cloud. Maybe just walk us through like what that looked

Like at a very high level and then maybe what is different or similar about the transition to AI. Now we started the company in 2005 and this was a this is a time where you have to literally go back 20 years and think about a world where the internet was much slower, browsers were way worse. We didn't have the iPhone. We didn't have Android. Chrome didn't exist. Like everything was just like way worse on every dimension. We basically had a an initial idea that as the internet got faster, as you worked on more mobile devices, you'd want to be able to access your data from anywhere. And that was the original idea of Box. Where we said you'd go between different computers, you'd access your files, you you'd share them, you'd collaborate. So we launched the company. It was initially focused on the consumer market or consumer slash

Just proumer, anybody that wanted to sign up. We started to get a little bit of traction and by a little bit like we're talking like 10 people signed up like in the first week or something. So it was just very very slow very slow and steady growth and what happened was we we got a we got a little bit more growth. We we got some early funding from Mark Cuban and some angel investors. We then dropped out of college. We got more of an upswing. We had a premium business model. We let people sign up for free and start to use the product. And then one day we we run ran into this fork in the road which was do we stay the consumer going down the consumer path or do we pivot to the enterprise? And the calculus was we felt like it was going to be way too hard to compete with all the consumer technology platforms

That would give away storage for free. They they'd embed it into their operating system or their social network or whatnot. It would be way too hard to go in and and and monetize this. So we decided to pivot to the enterprise where we could be cheaper, faster, easier than a lot of the big incumbents at the time. So we pivot to the enterprise and we got extremely lucky on the timing because we rode this growth wave of mobile and cloud that were working in tandem to effectively create a new IT architecture within enterprises. And so for us, we we got to ride this wave where once we had better security, more more functionality than a lot of the incumbent services as companies moved to the cloud, they needed a way to share their data, access their information,

And so we became a an increasingly obvious choice. So that was the the cloud wave and that propelled us to to where we're at today. And there's a lot of similarities to the early days of cloud and the early days of AI. With maybe one big difference, which is the early days of cloud, we were having to go convince people that the cloud was going to be this big deal,? And we had to go tell everybody that that, the future is going to be cloud computing. It's totally safe to trust us with your data. A lot of people didn't believe us. And so that meant we just couldn't win, deals in entire segments of customers. So, conversely, with AI, you're no longer really having to convince people that AI is the future. Everybody tends to be bought in in the enterprise segment. There's a lot of of still slowness in adoption in large

Enterprises, but it's not because people aren't convinced that AI is the future. It's just because there's lots of natural pace of change that an enterprise has to go through. Why are they convinced? Is it just that they themselves personally have used chatbt? Is that the main driver? Because like I'm not aware of a lot of AI solutions that are deployed to enterprises that have like really made a difference. I think it's maybe unlike cloud like cloud didn't didn't have like decades and decades of of societal level conversation about cloud. It just like emerged one day and it was like this is like it seems cool and efficient but if you're in an IT department the cloud was actually very scary because you're taking your servers that you manage you can see them you you

Manage all the software for and you're relying on AWS or or or Microsoft or Google to manage that infrastructure. And so there was a real big shift on it and the CEO or the head of marketing, the head of sales, they didn't really care how the infrastructure was delivered. So you didn't have anybody pushing on the IT org saying we have to go to the cloud. Like nobody really cared. AI totally different situation. We've had, science fiction for, probably 100 years that has basically said you're going to have robots, you're going to have artificial intelligence. Over the past, 20, 30 years, it's been in the zeitgeist, self-driving cars, watching, Watson on Jeopardy, using, early products like Siri and Alexa. So, it's it's it's been pervasive that, at some

Point AI is going to get good enough that it's going to be this helpful aid for us. And now that that you have the chatbt moment where the head of marketing can go and play with chatbt and be, "Wow, this seems to write marketing copy maybe better than even my own marketing people." Mhm. There's you don't need to sell them anymore that AI is like clearly the future. Now it's actually just about like how can you go implement something that's going to be safe, reliable, works with your data, you can trust it, which is now the new set of changes that that all these companies have to go through. Got it. Cool. So, so Box started as basically like a a folder in the cloud effectively. And then you added a bunch more stuff to that, but that is still the core of it. AI seems to be able to like completely change what you can do.



## Key Ideas

Maybe just help us understand what what are those cool things that you can now do for big companies. So for us the exciting thing is is that AI agents basically thrive on on unstructured data. So if you think about it, there's basically two data types that really matter in the world. There's structured data. This is what goes into a database. If you launch an app tomorrow, you're going to start with a database and the stuff that's going to go in the database are like customer names and ids and user IDs and all that. If you go to a big company, the stuff that goes into a database is all of the invoice numbers and the the client record numbers and the amount of revenue they generate and their distribution partner names. That's what's in their database. Then they have a lot of unstructured data and that's all of

Their documents. It's their contracts. It's their invoices. It's their marketing assets. It's their presentations. All of that data. The vast majority of data in the enterprise is that content. It's it's all of this unstructured data. And it's it's called unstructured because basically it can be totally free form text. There's no inherent computer structure to it. And so the problem is is all of the data that goes into something like Box historically, you've never been able to really automate anything about it. If you just think about 2 years ago, you can't go to your your all of your files and ask them a question. You can ask a question in your database. You can, say, "Please find me all of the records above the, following value." You can't do that in

Your files because the computer doesn't know how to read all those documents and understand what's in them. AI agents basically changes this. So all of a sudden all the data that's inside those folders becomes immensely valuable to to companies because now they can ask all that data questions. You can begin to automate workflows around that data. Our whole vision is basically what if you turned all of this information into this new corporate asset or or set of knowledge that companies can operate off of. And that's where I think there's going to be immense startup opportunity is a world of how do you have AI agents for almost every task or job function in the enterprise. Let's talk about that then. Let's say this world emerges and we have AI agents that do a bunch of jobs. I think a lot of people are worried like oh that means

That we don't need the humans to do those jobs anymore. And I know you have you have like a strong perspective that like no actually it will go the exact other way. Tell us tell us why you believe that. I think basically if you go to most companies and you you say tell us everything that you do all day long across the company and you you you assess how valuable is all that work that's getting done. How valuable is every email you send and all the time you spend going and finding information or all the manual work it takes to read data look at that document extract information from it versus the time that really is the high impact stuff. You're with a customer, you're coming up with a product breakthrough, you're supporting a customer to to to use more of your product, and you did a ratio of

That time. The vast majority of of time inside of a company is on the stuff that really is not strategic. It's it's necessary work, but it's not strategic to get done. So when you think about that ratio, if you could free up a company to work on the stuff that's strategic and not the basically unstrategic stuff that doesn't differentiate them, most companies actually have a large set of things they would go do with their time. They would spend more time on breakthrough innovation. They would spend more time with customers. They would launch more marketing campaigns. They would proactively support their customers instead of just being reactive. The reason why I think the press gets this wrong, and you'll read a lot of press that basically says AI is coming for our jobs, is most of the press is not inside

Of big companies seeing how much time we spend on useless activities that are necessary but not strategic. And so when I go talk to companies and they and I say, "What if you had AI agents do all this work?" they instantly their eyes light up because they realize, well, now I can actually free up my time and my employees time to go do much more interesting things or they start to have this list of all of this work that would be much more strategic if it got done if AI agents could go and do it as opposed to the work that never gets done because it's too unaffordable and it's just economically not viable to go and do. This is like the backlog of stuff in your company that you're, "Oh, if I had more people, I could go do those things, but I can't." Exly. And basically it's there's an

Entire category of work where if you just did like pure microeconomics I could pay for the labor to do that work if I knew that it would produce enough value to pay for that labor. But the threshold of starting that work is too high. I can never even try and see if it's useful. So I would I would argue that literally the like if we go 10 years into the future, the vast majority of work that gets done in 10 years from now will be work that today is in that category. It's the work that like now we can't we can't even attack because we're like I'm not going to hire somebody pay them $120,000 a year to just see if that thing produces value. So I'm never going to get around to it. And then in 10 years from now when you just deploy AI agents everywhere to go do those things we will be doing so much more as a company when we

Launch an ad campaign internally we translated into like three to five languages our top markets that's about all we have time for because it's just too expensive. It it it just hurts your brain to think about doing it across every segment of the market in every region. When an AI agent just takes an ad copy, translates it into a 100 languages, our company will just grow more. We will we will just be in more markets. We will serve more customers and agents will be the reason that we were able to do that where previously we were bound by people time and we would never have been able to justify getting that work done previously. Makes a lot of sense. And yet today, Amazon announces that you should expect that they have fewer headcount over the next few years because of AI. I totally agree with everything you just

Said, but then the press sees these announcements. What are they to make of that? To be fair, I I I only saw that snippet literally 1 hour ago. So, I I I didn't see the full memo. I'm sure Andy Jasse had some other thoughtful points. This is why startups are in such an incredible position. I think if you're at the point where, I don't know the the corporate headcount of Amazon, but let's say the total headcount is in the hundreds of thousands to low millions just across all like every poss, every delivery function, etc. I could totally see the scenario where for them they're, given the markets that we're in, given the things we do, if we can't get this done with hundreds of thousands of people and AI agents don't just augment that, like we're probably

Running the company wrong. I I'm just picturing that's the internal corporate meeting. But now imagine the 50 person company where all of a sudden they can act like a 500 person company. Then you just have to ask yourself if the 50 person company can act like a 500 person company because of AI, will that company become a 100 person company more quickly than preAI? And then that basically tells you does this thing create jobs or not? And my argument would be that the 50 person company that is in more markets serving their customers better doing better research on their customers. They're more armed with the next feature they should build. They can build that feature faster because of cursor winds surf etc replet will that company grow more quickly in a post AAI world on the human



## Technical Insights

Side? I would argue yes because they they get themselves into more markets they get more done. So I think it's more of a a case of you're going to read headlines about the biggest companies, Amazon, etc. And I think there's a case we made where AI isn't is is an efficiency gain for them. But now the hundreds of thousands of startups and small businesses or millions of startups and small businesses, I think it becomes an economy where they can get so much more leverage than ever before. Talking about startups like I think maybe a lot of folks in this room look at the like B2B SAS companies or the enterprise SAS companies and just think like oh every problem has been solved like there is a big company incumbent like you are one of those big company incumbents how should they think about like starting a company that could one day take down a

Company like yours not yours specifically like the other guys I'm not going to give you any advice on taking me down but I'll give you advice on everybody else so interestingly it's it's a very fascinating proposition in question. So starting with consumer for a second. Three years ago, I was I was having these like not like existential questions but like deeply like deep philosophical questions. What what year did you join YC? 2022. Actually, so great timing. So, so around 2022, I I made this list of like nouns and verbs of just as like a just a fun mental thought experiment of like think about all the nouns and verbs of like what we do in our life. We eat, we sleep, we we travel, we watch something, we are entertained or whatever. And I went through that list and the list

Is not a thousand words,? It's like 50 or something. And basically down that entire list I tried to plug has that problem been solved relative to like 15 years ago just choosing an ar arbitrary point in time. If we had this conversation in 2008 and we said music, travel, entertainment, hospitality, food, all of these things we would we would basically sit around and be like all of these things suck. Like it's just like it sucks to get food. It sucks to get, listen to music like like you had to download illegal music like everything was painful. Fast forward to 2022, we we've solved a lot of problems. Like when I want food, it comes in 20 minutes from Door Dash. When I want to listen to music, it's on Spotify. When I want to watch a movie, I got Netflix or YouTube or whatever. So, it was a tough environment for startups because you're

, "Wow, now we're really only able to do derivative things because the core nouns and verbs like have been solved." And coincidentally, YC basically created like half of them and or more. And so and so like basically we we had this period of like 2008 to like 2014 where like every noun, every verb just got solved. The same was largely true in the enterprise. So now do the nouns and verbs in the enterprise. Payroll, CRM, email, calendar. You just go through all of those things and basically every problem had some incumbent or like atscale startup. Yep. Which is very bad for startups because because you basically had this era of companies that that knew how to build a modern technology and they were solving these problems. Like you don't really want to compete with Gusto because Gusto is still a modern really good payroll system. There's not like a lot of

Vectors into competing with Gusto. So that was 3 years ago. Today, it's the first period in probably about a decade where I'm extremely confident that there's now a new set of nouns and verbs where startups are in the position to go and create the next set of solutions for because AI has created enough of a change in the landscape to create those opportunities. They're not going to be always the most obvious things that you start out with. Like it won't just be, oh, it's CRM but with AI because Mark Beni off in Salesforce is going to do CRM with AI. Like like he's gonna figure out a way to do that. He's they're very good at executing. Like that will happen. But there's a very very long list of things that software never did before that AI agents are perfectly primed to go do now. And that's basically the opportunity set which is what categories

Of professional services or work is there no incumbent technology for that AI agents are basically finally able to go and solve and there will be 100 startups that get created between last year and and in three years from now that all become 5 10 20 billion dollar companies because they're able to find the next set of nouns and verbs or a a mixture of nouns and verbs that are like it is, legal work for this thing and there's an agent and and for for the first time in history, you can go and deliver that via software as opposed to it used to only be able to be delivered by people. And that's the opportunity that I think everybody has. Very cool. YC's Next Batch is now taking applications. Got a startup in you? Apply at y combinator.com/apply. It's never too early and filling out the app will level up your idea. Back

To the video. When you create one of these new nouns or verbs, a lot of them don't look like software in the sense that we think about software today where you like sell a company access to some number of seats of the software and the humans click the buttons and type the keys. How will business models need to change or will they change? How will companies charge for these things? So if you were building a SAS company again prior to literally this year or last year, your your only real monetization strategy was how many humans are there that need licenses to my software? And in the SAS world, we we call those seats and basically how many people need a seat of that software. And and you were maxed out based on the demographic size of that particular category. So if I sold software for lawyers and I go to a

Company, I can only sell the amount of licenses as that company has lawyers, which is like a huge, limiter to the addressable market size of of your company. And so agents basically completely blows that up because all of a sudden you can have AI agents that effectively contain the labor of of that job function in the software itself. So, you can go to a company and you can say, "I know you only have three lawyers, but my agents could do the amount of work of basically unlimited lawyers, which means you're obviously no longer going to sell based on the number of of of, humans in that company related to legal work. You're going to sell based on some approximation of the amount of volume of work that has to get done related to legal work." And that's the new monetization strategy that I think we all have which is let's make the example

Of of of you're doing some legal review of some set of contracts and you basically say previously a human would cost5 or $10 per contract to review based on human time. AI agents you don't tell them this but AI agents let's say can do this in for 10 cents. Yep. So then you charge that customer $2 and all of a sudden they're like wow this is incredible. You've just saved me 80%. And and you're now extracting obviously a very meaningful profit from that and there's no particular limiter to how much they're going to pay you. It's just going to be how many contracts do they have to go through the system. And so, every company I think is every space is going to have a slightly different version of that business model. But the new business

Model is some form of consumption. The only concern that you have to have of going of overly veering on consumption is the recurring nature of of of the revenue. You generally want to be in a position where you have some subscription fee for your software as opposed to only being paid the moment that it happens because then you run into this problem where the customer plows through your system and then next year they don't show up because they used they used they've reviewed all their contracts. So you you have to figure out how you basically keep some ongoing recurring revenue stream, but besides that, you're you're going to see more of a consumption orientation with AI. And and I guess what you're saying is you think the prices these AI companies will be able to charge per unit of work,

Let's call it, or outcome will be a a fraction of the human cost as opposed to what we would maybe consider more of like a software cost,? Because if it costs 10 cents to do the job, are people really going to be willing to pay $2 for a thing that they know cost 10? Well, the question is basically how much software do you have to build on top of the AI tokens? And and you can it's like very obvious like imagine a continuum where there's like almost like no software. You will get price compressed down to 2x max of the token cost versus a world where there's like a tremendous amount of software. You could probably support 80 or 90% gross margins, which means a five, 5x plus, an eight or nine 10x plus increase over the tokens. I I'm not going to tell



## Applications

You guys the number because it's proprietary, but if I told you the amount that we spend at Box on storage of storing files, you would be surprised. Because you would say, well, I thought you were in the storage business. But the reality is what customers are paying for all of the software above the storage. So eventually we're going to get to a point where customers are no longer going to just be paying for the intelligence tokens. They're going to be paying for the workflow software that goes on top of the the tokens themselves. They're going to be paying for your ability to build AI agents that have a unique set of of context and proper and and connections and capabilities and and access to data that can command a a meaningful premium on the underlying AI token. Totally. I saw this at Google Photos,? And when we

Proposed that we should build Google Photos, a lot of people at Google were, why would you do that? You can never make money. It's a commoditized market. It's just storage. Like there's Amazon. You can just store your photos there. And it turns out it's like a 90 plus percent margin. It's really great. And and and this is what's amazing about we we are all incredibly lucky to be in effectively I'm sure there's other industries, but let's just say one of the top slashthetop industry that has deflationary economics on the supply side. The reason why that matters is because it means that that over time your raw materials will get cheaper. You don't have to basically raise your prices in perpetuity like many other industries. You can actually just get more efficiency gains over time. And so,

I don't know the latest price on Google Photos, but let's just say it's 10 or 20 bucks a month,? If you told anybody, we'll just store all of your photos ever created for $10 or $20 a month or whatever the number is., you'd be, "that's fine." That customer doesn't need to show up and say, "No, I'm only going to do it for $8 because I know your costs are going down." They're like fine to pay 10 bucks for all their photos to be stored. Yet every year, your underlying costs are going down. That's what's going to happen in AI. As long as you can find not how to not be so greedy that your pricing is like is like offensive. Look at like again Windsor, Replet, Cursor, etc. Like we're at like non-offensive levels of pricing. It's like it's 20 bucks a month. 50 Bucks a

Month, but we know that in 10 years from now, they'll probably be able to drive down their raw materials lower, but we won't be able to command lower prices for those things because it's just like within a reasonable amount of spend. And so, you always want to be in a technology category where that is happening. And probably by being here today, you've you've effectively chosen to be in that of category. And I think that's true so long as there's not infinite competition driving prices down. But here's what's amazing. So, so let's just take we we haven't been in this war directly for a long time. We pivoted from consumer to enterprise, but let's just take Google Photos for a second. Everybody knows Dropbox. Would you agree that Dropbox has been in a infinitely competitive war for 10 years? And the company generates

Somewhere on the order of a billion or so in cash a year. No economist in history would be able to understand this. They would be able to say, "Wait a second, like storage is getting com commoditized. How is it that people still pay $10 a month for something that has switching that has basically limited switching costs and other choices in the market?" And it, people build familiarity. There actually are switching costs because there's some data network effects. Sure. There's user experience things you get used to. So even even in a world where of hyper competitive thing as long as again you're not getting too greedy on your pricing then then you can usually land in a spot where people will stay with you as long as you're innovating. Makes a lot of sense. One of the

Topics I've heard from folks in the audience throughout the last couple days is if you believe that AI is going to really keep growing over the next 5 years which I think most of us do. Are we not going to be in a world where companies just build all of their own software internally?? Instead of hiring Box to do a job for me, why won't I just command my AI agents to go write the software that emulates what Box would have done? Like what's your take on the reason why I'm not afraid of it is there's a concept that I think Jeffrey Moore if if you read if I'll leave it with a couple books that you should definitely read. This comp this book called Crossing the Chasm is probably one of the top five business books ever and you should definitely read it. And after you read it, read something called Innovator's Dilemma, which is basically the number

One business book of all time. But in this book, not this book, but the the author Jeffrey Moore came up with this idea of core verse context. And the the the premise of core verse context is every company has to decide what is core to their business, what's context to their business. If you are Disney, core to your business is like designing amazing IP and characters. Context to your business is your HR system. So what does Disney need to do? They need to get really really good at technology to make Pixar insanely powerful. They don't need to get really really good at technology to run their HR department. The Disney value proposition doesn't relate to, did they pay their people on time or not. They just need to pay their people on time. They don't need to, they don't need to innovate on

That. Every company has a choice of what time they're spending on innovation versus again like I just want that to be in autopilot. And so this is this is more where just because you can do something, the vast majority of the world doesn't end up doing something. And and coding your own custom software for every single bespoke need in your business tends to be in that category because most people basically say, what, cool. I can build an HR system and I could go negotiate with Workday or whatever to lower my pricing. But, here's the problem. Three years from now, there's going to be a bug. That bug is going to like pay people the wrong amount of money. I don't want to have to go and call my IT team in the middle of the night to be, "Shit, you have to go fix this bug that paid everybody the wrong amount of money." I I want to be able to go to a

Company that I know that I can sue if if they up or switch to a competitor,? Or switch to a competitor because I can't sue my internal IT team and I certainly can't sue anthropic. So, you don't want to be having that liability for things that are context. It's not you don't get the the upside of of getting really really good at that. And that's that's how most companies work and operate. And so, I I read these things from Clara and others where they built their own systems and I think it's like fun to read about. I think it's very novel. I'm glad that they're doing it because it lets us have this conversation. I think it's going to be basically useless and other than for like being cool fireside fodder, most companies won't do it. Now, I'm still very bullish on custom software because there are lots of things inside businesses that are custom software for the core where

Actually the company can't get around to building custom software for the core parts of their business. And so having things like replet or cursor or wind surf or whatever is actually very useful because now they can go and work on software for those things. And that that actually I think ends up being very powerful. Makes a lot of sense. We're going to open it up to audience Q&A. But before we do that, while you guys queue up, my last question is just this is an audience of, college students, grad students, recent grads. A lot of them want to do a startup one day. What's your advice? What should they do in this new world? Read innovator's dilemma, read Crossing the Chasm, read Blue Ocean Strategy. Those are the three books you have to read. If you do what's in those books and you are going after the B2B market, I guarantee you, you will be 10 times better off



## Conclusion

Than any other startup that is just starting from scratch. You will have a way to think about markets, disruption, what incumbents are vulnerable, which ones aren't. If you really deeply internalize them, you will be so much better off. That's the first thing. Second thing is have an incredible founding team. I'm I'm a I know solo founders that will happen for sure, but but just try and grab one friend. They could be like the least like technical friend of all time. Just be in the grind with somebody just because you're going to have more fun. You're going to see through more more difficult times together. So so have a team that you really are excited to work with to to get through anything. Do not under estimate the need for for tailwinds in your market. So, make sure that you're going after a market where I'm just going to assume everything at this event is is AI,

Obviously, but like if your market is not truly transformed by AI, don't touch it. It's not it's just not worth it because you're going to be fighting against a headwind that is just unnecessary to fight against., go after markets where AI like fundamentally changes like the very economics or or or actual process of that thing. So, you always run a want want to ride a tailwind. So, ride a tailwind. Have a great team. Build a big vision. Now is the moment. This window will end. It'll it'll be over in two or three years from now. You're in the window now where, maybe it won't be your first attempt. Maybe it won't be your second attempt. Maybe it won't be your third attempt. But in this window between a year ago and three years or so, plus or minus from now, this is when the next hundreds of great companies will get

Started. So be ambitious because because these windows don't come but for more than every 10 to 20 years. So I would exploit that take advantage of that in five years from now you can be less ambitious but in for the next four years you've got to go big because these are these are these windows that that give you that opportunity. Love it. All start over here. So I have two questions which probably have the same answer. Oh cool. Very efficient like this guy. But so I want to know like in the core of your business that is storage like only in the core do you see a space for AI to manage anything or help with anything? And the second is in the storage space are there any new age startups that perhaps like use some emergent technology that can better storage or is it a solve problem?

I think I think if you're if I if I take your question very literally at like the do you mean like the literal hard drives of storing the data? Anything like software level behind sharing storing security? I think it's and I invite anybody to try and and and come up with a new thing. I think the storing of the data is a pretty solved problem. The thing that that I think AI could augment is like just to get so boring is things like life cycle management of the data. In our business, Google Photos, you tend to have this this curve, which is the most active data needs to be, in the in in basically the part of your servers and in the regions that are most fast, fast throughput and fast access versus the stuff that nobody ever sees, you can store in some archive. AI will probably help with that because it can

Predict what what what access what data people want to access. But higher up on the stack, that's where the transformation will be. What do people do with their data now? Not just the storage of it, but how do you turn that data into something that's much more valuable than just a document? How do you turn that document into a new type of intellectual property or value for that company? My name is Charlie. I'm a game designer here in the city working at a startup. Graduated from USC last year in computer science and game design, which is the best major ever. And my question for you is, what is the meaning of life? Wait, for reals? Oh, man. And and I you're 24,? Yes. I I think you won't fully understand it, but you're in a period now where you're just in grind mode. And I would just recommend just do

The grind thing. This is not a period where you have got to do meaning of life stuff. Over time, I think you start to better have a sense of like you're on Earth for some amount of years, like you obviously want to try and have as much of an impact as possible on something. So, can you help society in some way? Like that's the that's one part of fulfillment. And then and then you have another set of more personal things, kids, family, that that side that has to be fulfilled. And but but again, like you're in your 20s, so like like I was just heads down grinding, not overly worried about the meaning of life. So I'd say like put a pin in that. Be nice to everybody. Like help the world as much as possible. Check back in in about 5 years. Like now is your window for for just being super commercial.

So thanks so much for being here today, Aaron. My name is Gary and my question is about like enterprise products and their relationship with design. So earlier this afternoon like Dylan Field joined and was on stage talking about the growing value of designers, especially as AI makes the development process faster. Yes. And how that might imply how craft and like great design becomes a bigger differentiator for SAS companies. But when I think about like enterprise products and their motivations to just like plainly deliver value at least for some of these companies, how do you think about like craft and great product design when building enterprise products? And how has that maybe changed as Spock has developed? Enterprise software for sure historically has not had good design because the people purchasing the software tend to not really care about

The design of it. They just need to solve a particular utilitarian task. So it's actually been more voluntary that the companies decide to have really good design. So over the years companies like Slack, Figma certainly others have said we're going to prioritize great design even if Figma had to because of its demographic but we're going to prioritize great design because we should just have better software that people can use. So I think this has been a trend over time. I would highly recommend building just great looking feeling experience enterprise software even if the customer doesn't incrementally value that from you. It just makes it much more fun to build software. And so absolutely raise the bar and and try and build amazing software and some customers will care, some some won't, but you'll feel a lot better, about what you're

Producing. Thank you. Cool. Think we have time for maybe one or two more. Hi Erin, my name is Orion. And have I have actually built a unicorn startup in China for the past 10 years. Wow. And planning to come to the US and start something new here. I know number one step is to join vice for sure but I want to know your answer. I know you touched on this a bit in the previous question that say if we do things in HR in AI how should I answer the question about like competition from workday in the future since it has a massive amount of user data. About like what the user like about the candidates about the performance all that since you are incumbent in the data storage like space and I know workday launches a lot of agents this recently I don't know if is if it's mostly PR or it's actually product but I want to know your

Perspective on that and I guess a second question is what's your view on glean on knowledge management I think it's always good to to overestimate your competitor's capability ilities and then figure out your strategy in a world where they have they have those capabilities. So what I would I would do is I would s I would assume all of Workday's agents are amazing and then figure out what strategy would be competitive with with them. So couple a couple examples. One you can go after parts of the market that they're just not selling into. Workday only has somewhere on the order of let's say 10,000 customers. Well, there's, 10 million businesses globally that would be relevant for HR related agents. So, at a minimum, go sell to everybody else that's not a workday customer. Then, there's certainly going to be use cases where they're not the

Natural provider of an HR agent and that will also be then the opportunity for a set of startups. But this is why I'm very bullish on startups now because I think incumbents are only going to be the agent providers for their existing install base, which means that there's going to be tons of opportunity for so many more agents that those incumbents aren't already selling into. On Glean, I think I I like them, but but I think there's going to still be lots of different approaches to to enterprise knowledge management. All I think we're out of time. Everybody, give it up for Aaron. Thank you.
